Rules (#6088)
RasaHQ/rasa: changelog/6088.feature.rst

Added the new dialogue policy ``RulePolicy`` which will replace the old "rule-like"
policies :ref:`mapping-policy`, :ref:`fallback-policy`,
:ref:`two-stage-fallback-policy`, and :ref:`form-policy`. These policies are now
deprecated and will be removed in the future. Please see ``examples/rules``
for a usage example.

Added new NLU component ``FallbackClassifier`` which predicts an intent ``nlu_fallback``
in case the confidence was below a given threshold. The intent ``nlu_fallback`` may
then be used to write stories / rules to handle the fallback in case of low NLU
confidence.

.. code-block::

  pipeline:
  - ... # Other NLU components
  - name: FallbackClassifier

>     # If the highest ranked intent has a confidence lower than the threshold than

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # If the highest ranked intent has a confidence lower than the threshold then
```

>     # the NLU pipeline predicts an intent `nlu_fallback` which you can then use in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # the NLU pipeline predicts an intent `nlu_fallback` which you can then be used in
```
